1)  - Flashlight: Difficulties in programming might include
    that the flashlight needs to have a movable range of area that represents
    the area that the killer is detected in.
    Requires a function that tracks the area of the range and moves the area
    along with the player. Also, the area should rotate along with the player.
    Also, there should be a function that changes a variable within the killer
    object so that the killer stops moving if it is in the range of the flashlight.

    - Light objects in maze: Difficulties in programming include that
    objects needs to keep track of if it is turned on or not, and the
    locations of the lights objects are randomized every level. Also, it needs
    to be able to detect if the killer is within the area range of the light.
    Requires a function that detects the whether the killer is within the
    light range. If they are, the function needs to change the variable
    in the killer object that stops the killer from moving.

    - Drops of blood in the maze: Difficulties include that the location
    of the drops of blood needs to randomized in every level. Also, the
    game needs to keep track of the number of drops of blood the player
    collects.
    Requires a function that increases the number of drops of blood the player
    collected and displays it on the screen if the location of the player is
    equal to the location of the drop of blood. Also, there should be a function
    that calculates and randomizes the location of the blood for each level.

    - Timer: Difficulties include that the time needs to be displayed on the screen
    and also needs to keep track of the best times. Also needs to be reset when
    the player dies.
    Requires a function that constantly increases the time variable throughout the
    game and resets when the player dies. Also needs a function that compares the
    time with the best time.

    - Killer: Difficulties include that the killer needs to be able to detect the
    location of the player and move through the maze towards the player. Also needs
    to be able to detect if there is a wall between the killer and player.
    Requires a function that detects the location of the player. Also requires a
    function that checks if the location of the killer is within the range of a
    light source.

    - Detective: Difficulties include the controls.
    Requires a function that allows the player to control the detective using
    w,a,s,d.

    - Maze: Difficulties include that the maze needs to be randomized for each level.
    Requires a function that randomizes the location of walls.

    - Multiplayer mode: Difficulties include that both players need to be displayed
    on the screen. Also, the second player needs to be able to control multiple
    killers within the level.
    Requires a function that allows the second player to control the killer using
    the up arrow.

2) The timer feature depends on an already pre-written timer function in javascript.
   Also could use a pre-written code that allows the detective to be controlled
   with w,a,s,d.
   There weren't really any design assumptions that were actually entire features.

3) #1: Detective - First priority because it is the feature that the player controls
   and the feature contains many functions that needs to be coded first for other
   features to work. Also, many of the functions the feature requires can be
   reused for the killer feature.
   #2: Killer - Second priority because it is the second biggest feature. Needs to
   be coded before coding the flashlight/light features because these features
   require the location of the killer.
   #3: Flashlight - Third priority because it is a feature required for the game
   to be playable. Also, the functions for the feature can be reused for the
   light object feature.
   #4: Light objects - Fourth priority because it is similar to the flashlight
   feature and also, the functions required for this feature can possibly be reused
   in the blood-drops feature.
   #5, 6: Blood drops/Timer - These two features can be prioritized in any order.
   Both features are not necessarily required for the game to be playable.
   #7: Multiplayer - Last feature prioritized because only requires an addition to
   killer feature that allows the killers to be controlled using the up-arrow.

4) The most difficult items to program are the flashlight, the light objects
in the maze, and the drops of blood. The flashlight and the light object should
have similar functions, which would reduce the time needed to program them.
Would need couple of hours to code the flashlight and the light objects.
Programming the killer and the detective would also take a couple of hours.
The drops of blood would take around an hour too. The timer and the multiplayer
function shouldn't take too long to program. There aren't really any technical
issues with the design.

5) Time variable: Holds the time value. Should be a global variable. Doesn't require
   any data structure.

   Blood count variable: Holds the number of blood collected. Should be a global
   variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   Best time variable: Holds the best time value. Should be a local variable.
   Doesn't require any data structure.

   Best blood count: Holds the number of most blood drops collected. Should be
   a local variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   x-y-z Player coordinate: Keeps track of the detective's location within the maze.
   Should change as the player controls the detective. Should be a global variable.
   Could use an array to hold the x, y, z values.

   x-y-z Killer coordinate: Keeps track of the killer's location. Should be a
   global variable. Could also use an array to hold the x, y, z values.

   Flashlight area coordinate: Keeps track of the area the flashlight shines.
   Should be a global variable. Could use an array to hold the x, y, z values.

   Killer in light: Keeps track whether the killer is within area of any light
   source. Should be a global variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   Light object on variable: Keeps track of whether the player has turned on the
   light object. Should be a local variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   Dead variable: Keeps track of when the player dies. Should be global variable.
   Doesn't require any data structure.

   Level variable: Keeps track of the level the player is on. Should be a global
   variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   Out of maze variable: Keeps track whether the detective is out of the maze. If
   set to true, should increase the level variable and this variable should be set
   to false. Should be a global variable. Doesn't require any data structure.

   Number of light objects variable: Keeps track of the number of light objects
   inside the maze for each level. As the level increases, the number of light
   objects should decrease. Should be a global variable. Doesn't require any data
   structure.

   Number of killers variable: Keeps track of the number of killers within the
   level. Should decrease as the level increases. Should be a global variable.
   Doesn't require any data structure.

6) The function that changes the location of each killer should also call the
function that determines whether the coordinate of the killer is within the
area of any light source. If it is, the killer-in-light variable should be set
to true and the killer should stop. Also, it should call a function to check if
the location of the killer is equal to the detective. If it is, the dead variable
should be set to true and the time and blood count variable should be displayed.

The function that changes the coordinate of the detective along with the players
control should call another function that changes the area the flashlight shines.
Also, it should call a function that checks whether the coordinate of the detective
is equal to the coordinate of a light object. If it is, the light-object-on variable
should be set to true. Same with the blood drops, as the coordinates of the
detective changes, it should call a function that checks if the coordinate of the
detective is equal to the coordinate of a blood drop object. The blood-count variable
should increase if it is equal. Also, when the dead-variable within the detective
object is set to true, it should call a function that checks whether the blood-count
and time variables are better than the best blood-count and time variables.
